Minecraft Namespace:

1. All biome files had some features removed (but not ores) and had the terrain removal features added. The world remover features were added at the last step (bracket) to ensure everything else was added before removing the world.
2. Configured Carvers were changed to set the lava y-level to absolute=-64 to prevent floating lava. Carvers are kept to perserve terrain and dungeon spawning.
3. Amethyst Geodes were changed to remove their outer surface, because it wouldn't be seen with x-ray, and the world remover has issues removing feature blocks across borders.
4. Overworld and Nether noise_settings were changed to lower sea-level mainly, and had surface rules simplified. End is unchanged.
5. Buried Treasures use a new custom structure in order to let them generate. They do not because they check for specific blocks and this would not work with this method.


Phantom World Namespace:

1. Buried Treasure Replica is the aforementioned jigsaw version of the buried treasure.
2. Exit Portal Platform is a custom structure made of bedrock that is used to force the Exit Portal to spawn in the End.
3. The block tag is used for the world removal method; the blocks in it are the ones that will not be removed, so the blocks that would be visible with x-ray.
4. World Replacer is the feature being used to remove the world.
5. The numbered configured features are a part of the world removal method. Each deletes their number up to the next 16 blocks (i.e 16 deletes [16,32].
6. The exit portal platform structure generates at the raw step and is projected to the surface, meaning the portal will as well like normal.
7. Mineshaft Mesa and Mineshaft are duplicated and generated at steps before and after the world is removed. After generates platforms without minecart chests, and before generates minecart chests but no floor platforms.
8. The Mineshaft structure set is identical, so it generates the two on top of each other, resulting in mineshaft generation with the minecart chests and platforms.
9. The exit portal platform structure set guarantees it generating only at 0,0 in the end. This is because of the large structure region size/spacing, and the fact that The End biome is only within a 1024 block radius centered on 0,0 in the end.
10. Buried Treasure template pool to be used for spawning the replica, same for the exit portal platform.